[OSDOCS-12035]: Adding tenancy docs to HCP on AWS (#83719)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/hcp-aws-deploy-hc.adoc

.Procedure

* To create a hosted cluster on {aws-short}, run the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ hcp create cluster aws \
    --name <hosted_cluster_name> \// <1>
    --infra-id <infra_id> \// <2>
    --base-domain <basedomain> \// <3>
    --sts-creds <path_to_sts_credential_file> \// <4>
    --pull-secret <path_to_pull_secret> \// <5>
    --region <region> \// <6>
    --generate-ssh \
    --node-pool-replicas <node_pool_replica_count> \// <7>
    --namespace <hosted_cluster_namespace> \// <8>
    --role-arn <role_name> \// <9>

>     --render <10>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    --render <10> > somefile.yaml
```
you would need to redirect the output to a file when using the `render` flag, or use `--render-into somefile.yaml`

<7> Specify the node pool replica count, for example, `3`.
<8> By default, all `HostedCluster` and `NodePool` custom resources are created in the `clusters` namespace. You can use the `--namespace <namespace>` parameter, to create the `HostedCluster` and `NodePool` custom resources in a specific namespace.
<9> Specify the Amazon Resource Name (ARN), for example, `arn:aws:iam::820196288204:role/myrole`.
<10> If you want to indicate whether the EC2 instance runs on shared or single tenant hardware, include this field. The `--render-into` flag renders Kubernetes resources into the YAML file that you specify in this field. Then, continue to the next step to edit the YAML file.

> . In the command to create the hosted cluster, if you included the `--render-into` flag and specified a YAML file, edit the `NodePool` specification in the YAML file to indicate whether the EC2 instance should run on shared or single-tenant hardware.

Reviewer 2: I find the following easier to understand:
```suggestion
.  If you included the `--render-into` flag in the `<previous_or_preceding>` command and specified a YAML file, edit the `NodePool` specification in the YAML file. You must indicate whether the EC2 instance should run on shared or single-tenant hardware, similar to the following example:
```
As written, I read the directive as "In the command, edit the spec in the resulting YAML file, if you used the flag". Which isn't correct, right? I think you mean to say, "If you used the flag in the command, edit the spec in the resulting YAML file."

Does that make sense? Feel free to ping me if I need to clarify.

Author: That makes sense. I like your suggested revision. Thanks!

+
.Example YAML file
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: hypershift.openshift.io/v1beta1
kind: NodePool
metadata:
  name: <nodepool_name> <1>
spec:
  platform:
    aws:
      placement:
        tenancy: "default" <2>
----
+
<1> Specify the name of the `NodePool` resource.

> <2> Specify a valid value for tenancy: `"default"`, `"dedicated"`, or `"host"`.

Reviewer 3: Do we need to add some explanations for those values?  e.g.
`// default: NodePool instances run on shared hardware.  `
` // dedicated: Each NodePool instance runs on single-tenant hardware.  `
` // host: NodePool instances run on user's pre-allocated dedicated hosts.`

Author: That's helpful -- I'll add it. Thank you, @heliubj18!

<7> Specify the node pool replica count, for example, `3`.
<8> By default, all `HostedCluster` and `NodePool` custom resources are created in the `clusters` namespace. You can use the `--namespace <namespace>` parameter, to create the `HostedCluster` and `NodePool` custom resources in a specific namespace.
<9> Specify the Amazon Resource Name (ARN), for example, `arn:aws:iam::820196288204:role/myrole`.

> <10> To specify whether the EC2 instance should run on shared or single-tenant hardware, include this flag.

Reviewer: maybe explain what the `render` flag does first, e.g. it won't apply the k8s resources, but render them into a file instead. Then you can edit the NodePool spec in that yaml 'To specify whether the EC2 instance should run on shared or single-tenant hardware'

<7> Specify the node pool replica count, for example, `3`.
<8> By default, all `HostedCluster` and `NodePool` custom resources are created in the `clusters` namespace. You can use the `--namespace <namespace>` parameter, to create the `HostedCluster` and `NodePool` custom resources in a specific namespace.
<9> Specify the Amazon Resource Name (ARN), for example, `arn:aws:iam::820196288204:role/myrole`.
<10> If you want to indicate whether the EC2 instance runs on shared or single tenant hardware, include this field. The `--render-into` flag renders Kubernetes resources into the YAML file that you specify in this field. Then, continue to the next step to edit the YAML file.

> . In the command to create the hosted cluster, if you included the `--render-into` flag and specified a YAML file, edit the `NodePool` specification in the YAML file to indicate whether the EC2 instance should run on shared or single-tenant hardware.

Reviewer: maybe include a snippet of the yaml where the user should add the new field
```yaml
apiVersion: hypershift.openshift.io/v1beta1
kind: NodePool
metadata:
  name: <nodepool-name>
spec:
  platform:
    aws:
      placement:
        tenancy: one of "default", "dedicated" or "host"
```

Author: Awesome. I was hoping you would provide an example like that 😄
